
SPRINT 2

Meeting Date: 4/5/23
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
Major work needed in terms of frontend display. Frontend can’t be ported from project 2 as project 2
used java swing which is not an availiable frontend solution. To be able to make progress on the
frontend without stalling out figuring out the framework and because most all frameworks are in
some way compatible with with HTML, we will write an HTML based frontend with CSS sheets for
aesthetics and worry about integration at a later stage. We are going to want more information on
how the frontend and backend components will work together as all parts are being worked on
seperatley (backend has super plain webpages, frontend has no functionality)



Meeting Date: 4/10/23
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
Now that we have chosen to commit to .ejs we can start to make significant progress when it comes
to implementing our logic over from project 2. Most sides of the project are individually completed,
and we need to combine progress into an MVP. There is room to make the frontend more
aesthetically pleasing. As a group we are prepared to present for the team meeting on Friday with
our slide presentation.The next steps are to finish the backend implementation to then show up on
the frontend. Probably be best if we were to have more intuitive APIs to help with accessibility.



Meeting Date: 4/17/23
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
From this meeting we have most of the implementation of project 2 done. As a group we are figuring
out how to effectively implement the backend into the frontend as we already have the logic and
functionality created in JavaScript. We also discussed the new implementation part that we are
gonna need such as the customer side and our more complex APIs. We now have an MVP for the end
of sprint 2 now that we have visible functionality on our application.


SPRINT 3

Meeting Date: 4/21/23
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
After having most of the implementation needed from Project 2, we can now focus on the bugs and the customer page. 
We also need to look more into how to implement the reports and what information we’d need to add to the front end
basically. We have all the logic for project 2 implemented here in the backend but nothing is really connected to the front end yet. 
We need to learn about the differences between POST and GET methods and how to use them in our project. We also need to get started 
on APIs since that could potentially be a hassle to implement. We believe the Customer page won’t be too hard to 
implement since the menus used are the exact same as the ones used on the Server side of the application. We would like 
to get pictures from the official Starbucks Menu if possible and make it attractive to the user. 



Meeting Date: 4/26/2023
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
The meeting set us up to get a lot done. The basic functionality of the app is now done, and we can now focus on things like 
the required APIs. Ashwin found a clever way of doing the translation that is essentially a script call. We have to figure out 
if this counts towards the API requirement. We have to get the customer page styled up since it is customer facing. Adding 
pictures of the items is an option we are considering, but it will be tricky to implement. In the meeting we decided to try 
auth zero for the Oauth, the group that sits next to us said it was simple. We talked about ways we could address the 
colorblind accessibility need. We did some research and found the google maps API will be easy to implement.


Meeting Date: 5/1/2023
Meeting Location: Zach
Attendance: All members present
Meeting minutes summary:
In this meeting we were more focused on finalizing our product, making sure it is deployable and all 
parts that we need to be implemented work as intended. We used the final product completeness rubric 
as a guide while we scanned through our product making sure everything was complete. We found that we needed 
to improve the accessibility of our pages as well as display our reports on the front end.  Finally, we 
also discussed our final presentation and what each member will talk about for each part of our project.